Welcome to this lesson on Excel modeling.
This lesson will build nicely on the business metric lesson.
Now that you know how to calculate and interpret a business metric,
you can start forecasting the key metrics.
By the end of this lesson,
you will understand the fundamentals of sales and financial forecasting models.
This lesson will prepare you nicely for the project at the end of the lesson.
The project will have you use actual S&P 500 data from
the New York Stock Exchange to forecast out a P&L statement for a company of your choice.
The data will include financial performance data from over 500 companies.
By the end of the course,
you will have mastered how to use advanced Excel tools,
and this will set you up nicely for completing the project.
So, let's get started.